Now that we are adding items to our shopping cart, what should happen if we go back to that database
and if we add two or more accounts for the same item, we already have the product 85, we have the
count of five.
So if we are adding more items for the same user, we do not want a new entry in our table.
We want to retrieve the existing entry and just modify the count by appending what we selected in the
text box here.
So let's implement that logic.
Let me switch back to the cold here and inside details after we populate the application user, let's
first get the shopping cart from databases.
So a shopping cart cart is equal to underscore unit of work, start shopping cart that can call that
cart from deep, and we want to load the shopping cart from database.
We have to get first our default.
So what will be the condition based on which we want to retrieve with it?
Say that the application user I.D. should be equal to the claimed value, and on top of that, we need
to find out the red card for that particular product.
So if it's a see you, that product ID is equal equal to a shopping cart, that product ID.
Based on that, we've retrieved the record and then we have to check if card from DPI is null or not.
If card from TV is no, that means no records exist in the database for that user and that product.
So we will add a record in that case as we will have to implement something to update the account shopping
cart.
I can do that directly here, because the shopping cart that we retrieved is being tracked, but that
is not a good approach.
And I have an extra bracket here.
Let me remove that a fact.
What we should do is add a method to update count inside the shopping cart repository.
So let's go back there and open up the repository for shopping cart.
We can implement door methods here, one to increment the count and one to take them into account when
they pass the shopping cart here and the count by which we want to increment or decrement record.
Let's go to our repository implementation here, and let's implement that interface.
The logic is pretty simple if they have to decrement, we will see a minus equal to account.
And if you want and we can return back to find out if it have the same logic when we are incrementing.
So at that time, it will be classic will do and we can return back to count.
We have returning the count back, but it is not required to use that.
We know we always have that.
So let's not close that up on certain ways and here we will say you cannot afford that shopping cart
that we have to implement count.
So in the first parameter here, we need to pass the shopping cart from database so we can pass from
DPI.
And what we want to increment that by is the shopping cart don't count.
So once we update our shopping cart, we need to save the changes.
That is perfect.
Let's run the application at a breakpoint again and see that in action.
If we go to our database, we have product 85.
This is the one that increment the count by three.
Add to cart and we are redirected to some very page, which is account clerk.
I believe I know the reason we are not signed in.
So let me sign in again to the same user and try that one more time.
We will come back to that error in the future radio.
So do not worry right now.
Make sure you are signed in and then you give it one more try.
We hit that break point here.
This time, the card from deep should not be now, so it will go to the expert.
We want to implement the existing count by three.
Let's see that.
Yep, that looks good.
Let's see if that changes.
Let's go to our database and perfect.
The count is eight now, so that is working as expected.
So our shopping cart is working as expected.
Let's continue in the next video.